feat(containers): add documentation for AI coded projects (#6503)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/reference-content/deploy-ai-projects.mdx

---
title: Deploying AI projects and vibe-coded apps on Serverless Containers
description: Deploy your AI-generated applications to production in minutes. Scaleway Serverless Containers offers the perfect platform for vibe-coded projects with automatic scaling and pay-per-use pricing.
tags: containers ai machine-learning deployment docker vibe-coding
dates:
  validation: 2026-05-12
  posted: 2026-05-12
categories:
  - serverless
---

import Requirements from '@macros/iam/requirements.mdx'

> Building AI-powered applications is now accessible to every developer. Whether you're using Scaleway [Generative APIs](/generative-apis/) to integrate AI capabilities or developing AI-driven applications, moving your projects from local development to production is seamless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building AI-powered applications is now accessible to every developer. Whether you are using Scaleway [Generative APIs](/generative-apis/) to integrate AI capabilities or developing AI-driven applications, moving your projects from local development to production is seamless.
```
